---
layout: post
title: Detailing Loveland and Greeley Colorado
date: 2015-10-15T00:00:00.000Z
image_path: /assets/images/blog/blog1.jpg
description: 'Winter is here and Christmas is just around the corner so naturally you’re thinking “Hey, it’s time to detail my car!” right? No? It’s ok, we get it. We all know that salt and sand can be damaging to the finish of our cars & trucks, it’s just a little easier to forget when the temperature drops. It’s cold outside and the last thing you want to do is drag the bucket and hose out in the middle of a winter wonderland. Well here’s the good news – you don’t have to, we’ll do it for you. You can sit by the fire with a warm cup of cocoa and have one of our pros thoroughly clean and protect your car, truck or sleigh – and we won’t even ask for any pumpkin pie.'
person: 
category: 
tags:
---

Winter is here and Christmas is just around the corner so naturally you’re thinking “Hey, it’s time to detail my car!” right? No? It’s ok, we get it. We all know that salt and sand can be damaging to the finish of our cars & trucks, it’s just a little easier to forget when the temperature drops. It’s cold outside and the last thing you want to do is drag the bucket and hose out in the middle of a winter wonderland. Well here’s the good news – you don’t have to, we’ll do it for you. You can sit by the fire with a warm cup of cocoa and have one of our pros thoroughly clean and protect your car, truck or sleigh – and we won’t even ask for any pumpkin pie. You’ve invested a lot of money in your vehicle so take the time to protect that investment with a professional winter protection package from Greeley Auto Spa. Packages starting at $229 for a silver detailing package.
 
“But wait – can’t I just run it through the local car wash?”
Well, you can – a lot of people do, but we wouldn’t recommend it. Most commercial car washes recycle the water at their facility. Don’t get us wrong, we’re huge fans of protecting the environment (we use green products and minimal water in our auto detailing) but when we see a line of cars waiting to get into the chute we wonder how much of that salt water is going back on to the surface of your vehicle.
 
“Ok, so what do I get for $229(on a car)?
We’ll wash, clay & dry the exterior, clean the tires & rims, apply a protective tire dressing, perform a 1 step polish on the exterior painted surfaces, apply CERAMIC PRO SPORT,  clean the windows (inside & out), restore the molding & trim, thoroughly clean/detail the entire interior, vacuum & shampoo the interior fabrics & trunk and condition all plastics and leather.
 
“Wow – that sounds pretty good but my schedule is kind of tight. Do I have to get the service done this month?”
Not at all! We have Gift Certificates available for sale year round, however 10% of your gift certificate purchase will be put towards our Family In Need Program that we sponsor yearly.
 
“So that means….”
Yes – you’re right. These WOULD make great gifts. You can treat yourself or anyone you know that wants to keep their ride protected from the elements and looking great.
 
 
GIVE US A CALL AT 970-619-9863
www.GreeleyAutoSpa.com for other packages and pricing.
www.facebook.com/greeleyautospa
